---
bg: "StSfrontal.jpg"
layout: Holyday
crawlertitle: "Lent"
title: "Lent"
colour: Purple
---

>Lent is our season of self-discipline. Take it seriously.


>Ask each family member to choose a
				Lenten Discipline. For the whole of Lent, give up chocolate, or
				take responsibility for emptying the garbage. Remember, Sundays
				are NOT part of Lent, so you only have to excercise your
				willpower for six days in a row. 
				
				>at the beginning of lent, plant amarylis or paperwuite narcissus bulbs in 
				indoor pots to "force" blooming around Easter.
				

>Discipline your house, too. Sanctify
				spring cleaning by turning out your house room by room over the
				weeks of Lent. Think "less is more" and give away what
				you don't need to the benefit of others. My child calls this
				"making our house an Easter House". 
				

>One day each week, bake something
				together and take it down to the Mustard Seed.

>Practice simplicity. Some people remove
				all pictures and decorations; and even cover all the mirrors in
				the house with black drop-cloths. 
				
			>put a

At the end of Lent, atend the whole pageant of Easter
				worship with your family: Tenebrae on Holy Wednesday; the Maundy service and meal on
				Thursday; the Way of the Cross on Good Friday morning or, if you should be so 
				fortunate Tre Oro from noon until three, or similar Good Friday service;
				the midnight service on Holy Saturday night; and Easter morning.
				Even small children can feel the drama of these services.
								
