---
bg: "StSfrontal.jpg"
layout: Holyday
crawlertitle: "Easter"
title: "Easter"
colour: gold
---

Add candles to your dinner table for the
				whole Easter season -- or year-round, but put them away during
				Lent. I use four candles, a pair at each end of the dinner table.
				While they are being lit we sing Doxology, one line as each wick
				is lit: 
				</P>
				<P ALIGN=CENTER STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Praise
				God from whom all blessings flow.</P>
				<P ALIGN=CENTER STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Praise
				God all creatures here below.</P>
				<P ALIGN=CENTER STYLE="margin-bottom: 0cm">Praise
				God above, ye heavenly host.</P>
				<P ALIGN=CENTER>Praise Father, Son and Holy
				Ghost.</P>

Easter
				is not just a day, it's a season. Leave your Easter decorations
				up until Pentecost, and add to them (especially during Easter
				vacation, when a family craft time can be a great relief. Right
				now, tissue-paper butterflies flutter across my front door, crowd
				the archway between parlour and dining room, and alight on the
				rainbow that arches over our Lenten Noah's Ark picture, symbols
				of beautiful transformed life emerging from the lifeless remnant
				of the cocoon. 
				

If you don't normally put candles on
				your dinner table, do it at least for for the fifty days between
				Easter and Pentecost. 
				

Add an ALLELUIA to your table grace or
				family prayers. We use the Easter greeting after our ordinary
				grace: Half the family proclaims in unison "Christ is Risen,
				the other half replies "Christ is Risen indeed", and
				then everyone shouts together "ALLELUIA!" Consider
				using the Collect for Easter for your family table-grace. 
				</P>
				<P ALIGN=CENTER><FONT SIZE=2><I>The next
				three festivals are days which I missed sharing with you when,
				due to stressI missed the deadline for the last Shepherd.</I>